This Is a Very IMP Folder because inside it
Because inside it we are having 4 sub folders:

1. Functions: Inside this folder u have 2 main files
         that is 'authFunctions.dart'.
        Now if u are working with firebase or anything
       or any other aws authentication then all those
      authentication function phone authentication.
     U can write Things in 'functions -> authFunctions.dart'
    folder.
  ii. we have Another file name And say One more folder sub functions
  or other functions called u can call it as 'functions.dart' or u can
  instead of creating a file. we create a sub folder accoding to features like

  Inside feature 'functions.dart' u can have u have a separate folder but basically
  i always require this and write all my functions over here let's say you're creating.
                  ------------X---------
  Example:
  U Creating a 'TodoApp' so, what are the functions crud functions
  create, retrieve, update and delete so all those four functions u can
  write over here.
  Or saving user data it's function u have to save user data in
  'Cloud firebase Collection' then u can write that function over here but all
  the authentication function should be separate and they those function
  i keep it in this file.
                  -------------X----------
                      THIS IS ABOUT FUNCTIONS

2. Models: Example:
            let's say we are working on fetching the data from an api
            u are working with '.dart' models so, all these json models
            everything should be kept in this models.
        --------------IMP NOTES------------
  So, people have seen also create one more folder in this services called 'backend'.
  i. To integrating any sdk if they are working with apis.
   so, all the backend stuff calling the apis they can keep in that back-end folder but
   to keep it simple and precise i'm not going to create that 'back-end' folder.
       ----------------X-------------------

3. Providers: It basically work with provider state management or instead of providers
        u can have 'GetX' u can have a 'block' folder and all that state management stuff
        u can keep inside this 'providers' folder.

4. Settings:  let's your theme changing settings let's say your shared preferences so
           all those settings or let's your account settings all can be kept in this settings folder.
